[KIM gasps]
[COMMENTATOR A] The Phony
couple is on fire this game!
Try to return this!
[COMMENTATOR A] Look at
that crazy amount of spin
on Carrol's backhand!
[gasps]
[CARROL]
Damn it. Time for Plan C.
We need to change
the height of the net.
See that?
Yeah. It's moving by
about a ball's height.
So we'll adjust our trajectory
when we strike back.
It's not working for us at all!
[CARROL]
How 'bout some wind, huh?
[BOTH gasp]
[KIM] What the--? They're using
it to their own advantage!
[CARROL]
Crap!
[NARRATOR] The Campbells
employed seemingly
every dirty trick in the book.
[CARROL] Come on!
Coat that ball in stink spray!
[KIM] But we're gonna
have to smell it, too!
[NARRATOR] Though they only
amounted to minor annoyances
to the pair of spies who
had found their groove.
Great eyes, reflexes,
and control.
Extremely impressive, Nafalia.
I'm glad to have
you as my partner.
Thanks, darling.
[COMMENTATOR A] The final set
is about to begin! Which one...
[NIGHTFALL]
Why?
Why can't this this
tournament last forever?
Maybe I'll force a tiebreaker
that keeps us together longer.
No, I can't do that.
It could make Twilight
start to resent me.
We're riding a wave
to victory again.
It would be unfair to
take that away from him.
[TWILIGHT]
It looks as though Nightfall's
plotting out her strategy.
Perhaps my little pep
talk had an impact.
[CAMPBELL] What do you
two think you're doing?
Do you have any idea
how much your loss
could end up costing me?
Guess we'll have to
pull out the big guns.
[TWILIGHT]
Are they out of dirty tricks?
[NIGHTFALL] Lobbed it up
perfectly for a slam.
[TWILIGHT]
Uh? A new signal?
Nafalia!
[gasps]
[NIGHTFALL]
Twi--
[COMMENTATOR A]
Whoa!
Twain Phony pounced onto his
wife and tumbled to the ground!
Hey, now.
Can you old farts wait
for the make-out session
till we're done?
[CARROL]
What was that?
It's like he knew
the shot was coming.
[NIGHTFALL] Twain!
Sweetie, are you all right?
I'm fine, don't worry.
It's nothing serious.
[NIGHTFALL]
Oh, my love.
[TWILIGHT]
They're using rubber bullets.
Sniping at us from
the air ducts.
See? They even painted it
green to match the court.
I'm sorry. I should've been
paying closer attention.
It's not your fault.
But I did plan for this.
I'm wearing a bulletproof vest.
Always ready.
[NIGHTFALL] Yet another
reminder that Twilight's
the embodiment of perfection!
[CARROL] What the--? How is he
not hurt? Did it miss him?
They're taking this
entirely too far.
Do you think that we should try
to get a penalty called on them?
Even a rubber bullet can
cause serious injuries.
Fair point.
But don't forget that
most of the staff
is on Campbell's payroll.
Not to mention, if the
tournament is shut down,
we'd lose our chance to get
our hands on the painting,
putting the mission at risk.
Thankfully, these
are low velocity.
If we make ourselves targets,
then move erratically,
we'll throw off their aim.
So watch for their signals.
I'll do my best.
[UMPIRE A]
Are you folks okay?
[TWILIGHT laughs]
I'm sorry.
Had too many drinks last night.
Guess I'm still feeling it.
There's no way!
[COMMENTATOR A] Incredible!
Even while battling...
[TWILIGHT]
He's right.
[COMMENTATOR A] And Phony
is back on the serve.
[TWILIGHT] They're going to fire
right when I hit the ball.
[COMMENTATOR A] Twain is
stumbling and swerving
like crazy!
Crap. Missed him.
Hey, court squad,
we're gonna have to work
together on this one.
The Campbell kids need to win
this thing no matter what.
[MINIONS]
Roger!
[COMMENTATOR A]
Apparently, Nafalia is...
What's the deal?
[COMMENTATOR A]
Seems neither Phony
was drinking alone last night.
[TWILIGHT] Their overconfidence
is making them easy to read.
BB team! We need you now!
Don't let the crowd
or the umpires catch on.
Number one, roger.
Number two, roger.
Stay on guard.
Got it.
[TWILIGHT]
Even the ball boys?
[chuckles]
[COMMENTATOR A]
Huge whiff by Phony!
He knocked it away!
[NO.2]
Same thing happened to mine!
It appears we have
two more foes.
[TWILIGHT]
We do.
But unlike the sniper, we can
track their hands and eyes.
It's simply another issue for
us to contend with, easily.
Let's end this!
[COMMENTATOR A]
The Phony pair continues
their bizarre,
acrobatic movements!
Is this the legendary drunken-
fist style of the Far East?
What the hell's the
matter with you?!
You have to beat those Phonies!
[groans]
[UMPIRE A]
Son, is there a problem?
Oh, uh, I must've drank
some spoiled milk this morning.
[COMMENTATOR A]
Oh, no!
Carrol has been playing
through a stomachache!
We're watching a passionate
battle of wills!
[CARROL] They can't beat us!
I don't want to lose!
[CARROL]
But we're no match for them!
[COMMENTATOR A]
Game, set, and match!
The newest Cambelldon champs
are the Phony couple!
[CARROL] You saw right through
all of our tricks, didn't you?
And no matter what
we threw at you,
you wiped the floor with us.
That was brutal.
Now I know what it's like...
to feel disappointment!
You're still a young man--
a talented one.
If you keep working
hard on your game,
you'll be a top-ranked player.
Thank you, Twain! I promise
to do my best from now on!
You got this.
[NIGHTFALL] You strive not only
to complete the mission,
but also to rehabilitate
our enemy?
You're amazing,
Twilight! I love you!
So lame.
We may have lost the tournament,
but gained much more.
My precious little
man has grown up.
Has it not sunk in how
much money you've lost?
[SECRETARY A]
Sir, phone call.
It's not the time!
I'm having a moment here!
[SECRETARY A]
Sorry, but--
[COMMENTATOR A] For their win,
the Phonies will be presented
with a piece of their choice
from Mr. Campbell's collection.
Congratulations to the
victorious couple!
[NIGHTFALL]
Right here.
Lady in the Sun
is the one we want.
[SECRETARY B]
Yes, ma'am.
I'll fetch it from the
gallery right away.
[CAMPBELL]
Please wait.
I hope that you can forgive me,
but that particular
piece is the only one
I simply can't part
with at the moment.
Oh? And why's that?
It's clearly listed
in your catalog.
[CAMPBELL] Something came
up all of a sudden.
But please,
pick any other piece.
I'll even throw in something
extra, if you'd like.
What now?
Let's see.
I'd bet the State Security
Service just called him.
No big surprise there.
They must've found
out about the code.
They're likely on
their way to get it.
So then, you can take
a little more time to decide.
Can we look at the art
and then make our final
decision afterwards?
[CAMPBELL]
Sure, that's perfectly fine.
Wow, impressive.
Only a select few
are allowed in here.
You're quite a lucky lady.
Hang on.
Where'd your husband go?
[NIGHTFALL] He went to
sleep off his hangover.
[NIGHTFALL]
Looks like it's still here.
[NIGHTFALL] If Lady in
the Sun is off the table,
perhaps you might suggest
something other than a painting.
I'm happy to show you around.
Can I put my bag here for a bit?
Sure thing.
Pardon, sir.
The Lady in the Sun?
Yes. They should be here
in about ten minutes.
Bring it out to the lobby
and you can just hand
it over when they arrive.
Sir.
Hey, what are you doing?
Hurry up.
I'm simply making sure the piece
is in pristine condition.
[SECURITY A]
Don't worry about it.
I don't believe they're taking
it on artistic merit alone.
[STATE SECURITY A] Yep. Looks
like Lady in the Sun to me.
Appreciate your cooperation.
Oh, it's not a problem at all.
I'm always happy
to be of service.
[SECRETARY B]
I'll see Misses Phoney out.
If that's all right with you,
of course, Mr. Campbell.
Yes, please do.
And you might want to
ask if they'd be open
to playing for us
while you're at it.
[CAMPBELL laughs]
[NIGHTFALL]
Do you think WISE
will let us moonlight
as tennis pros?
I've had more than my
fill of tennis for now.
So what did you pick
from his collection?
This bizarre pot. He threw
in some gaudy rings, too.
I can't say that
I'm too interested.
[TWILIGHT] Suppose they
could be a gift for Handler.
[NIGHTFALL]
Good idea.
Exhaustion hit all at once.
The mission went well, though.
I did panic for a moment when he
said he couldn't hand it over.
[TWILIGHT] But it all
worked out in the end.
If you hadn't snuck
the fake in your bag,
we would've been
in real trouble.
[NIGHTFALL] Only possible
because of your disguise
and sleight of hand skills.
We're just lucky the code wasn't
hidden somewhere in the frame.
[TWILIGHT]
Yeah.
I can see some traces of ink
on the back, which must be it.
Let's get this to the
analyst team at HQ
and see what they say.
[NIGHTFALL]
The State Security Service
should be occupied for a while--
too busy trying to chase down
a code that doesn't exist.
[TWILIGHT]
You're right. Heh.
Well, anyway...
Mission accomplished, Nightfall!
[TWILIGHT] You can let me
out over there, please.
I don't mind taking
you to your place.
[NIGHTFALL]
I want more time with you!
Loid Forger's a devoted
husband and father,
so being dropped off
by a young lady
may give our neighbors
the wrong impression.
It's not unheard of
to get reported
to the Secret Police
over adultery.
[NIGHTFALL] Twilight, you see
how useful I am, don't you?
I did everything flawlessly.
It's clear that you
currently have
the wrong partner
for Operation Strix.
It should be me.
Here we are, then.
[TWILIGHT]
I'll see you at the hospital.
[YOR]
Come on, Anya! Grab Bond!
We should start
heading home soon.
[ANYA]
Okey doke!
Tennis again? I guess they
must really be enjoying it.
[TWILIGHT]
Uh.
Nightfall!
Good evening, Misses Forger.
Oh, Fiona? Good evening to you.
[ANYA]
That weird lady.
We're done for the day.
[YOR]
Hey, Loid.
Fiona gave me a ride since she
was heading over this way.
I figured I'd say hello
while I'm here.
[YOR]
Well, hello.
[NIGHTFALL]
Do you play tennis, too?
[gasps] Kind of.
But after playing with
Loid the other day,
Anya's gotten a little
obsessed with it.
Oh, yeah. I'm the
home run champ.
All that practicing really
paid off for me today.
So thank you.
[YOR]
Happy to hear that!
[NIGHTFALL]
Hmph.
Like you could ever help
Twilight improve his skills.
[ANYA]
Where are the cool prizes?
[NIGHTFALL]
How arrogant.
I would never think I
could make him better,
but if I was given the chance,
I'd make him far more
powerful in record time.
[NIGHTFALL]
Well, Misses Forger,
you must be quite
the tennis player.
In that case, how about you
and I play a quick match?
[TWILIGHT] Uh, maybe now's
not the time, Fiona.
I've still got some energy
left today, so it's fine.
So will you indulge me?
[NIGHTFALL]
I'll crush you.
I will crush your spirit,
break your heart,
and make you lose your spot in
the happy little Forger family.
[YOR]
I'm in way over my head.
I think Fiona should take
my place and be your wife.
[TWILIGHT]
Great idea!
Well, uh... I, uhh...
[YOR]
What the heck is going on?
[TWILIGHT]
You don't have to do it, Yor.
Okay, I'll play!
[YOR] All I know is,
losing or running away
are both out of the question!
[TWILIGHT] I've always
wanted to marry someone
who's super good at tennis.
[NIGHTFALL] For real?
I'm totally awesome at tennis!
Whoa, Anya! Did you see this
week's Berlint in Love?
Ooh! The craziest
thing happened!
The protag's fiancée and
his childhood girlfriend
happened to run into each other!
Those girls were about
to have a real catfight!
[BECKY laughs]
--You should've seen it!
--I only like cartoons.
[ANYA] I get it now. I finally
understand how Becky felt!
'Cause I love super cool
fight scenes, too.
[NIGHTFALL] You'd better
not hold anything back.
Watch it, Fiona.
Please stay out of this,
Doctor Forger.
[YOR]
She's right.
Don't want to insult my opponent
by not doing my best.
I'll give it
everything I've got!
[YOR]
Whoops!
[NIGHTFALL]
Hmph.
I'd be disappointed in you, Yor
Briar, but I knew you'd fail.
[YOR] I can't believe
that happened again!
If I put too much
strength into my swing,
the racket strings just cut the
ball into a hundred pieces.
I'm so sorry, Mr. Ball.
Tennis really just
isn't my game.
Gotta to do my best
while holding back enough
to not kill another one.
[YOR] Anya, will you get
me another ball, please?
Ball dog! We need you
on the court!
[BOND barks]
Sorry! That's my fault!
[NIGHTFALL]
Wait, uh, what?
I don't understand
what happened.
She shattered the ball? Umm...
[NIGHTFALL]
Huh?
[NIGHTFALL] It's faster
than the speed of sound?
Doesn't stray a millimeter
from its course.
Yeah, just a straight line
headed out of bounds.
Get your head in the
game, Nightfall.
Put up that racket for
protection, at least.
Or you'll die!
[NIGHTFALL yells]
[NIGHTFALL] It's so heavy!
I can't push it back!
Still... my love for Twilight
is stronger than ever!
I must tap into those feelings
that have grown over time.
Use that longing and
the power of love
and just move the
racket forward!
Aim directly for Twilight's
heart, Nightfall!
Don't let this woman
steal him from you!
He's fighting for the future,
and he deserves to
have me by his side!
Someday we'll stand in our home
and laugh about the
hardships we faced.
We'll retire in
a neutral country,
spending our days
gazing at the ocean.
Ugh! I can't handle
thinking about it!
That's why, when it comes
to being "Misses Forger,"
obviously... it should be me!
[NIGHTFALL] I've lost. Utter
defeat. Never had a chance.
[TWILIGHT]
I tried to warn you, Nightfall.
Oh, no! Fiona, are you hurt?
[NIGHTFALL]
It's true.
You're better than me,
for now at least.
[YOR]
Say what?
[NIGHTFALL]
But, Misses Forger,
I request a revenge
match in the future.
[NIGHTFALL] Try and enjoy
this nice life of yours
until I come back
and take it all away.
Because I am never giving up!
Uh. I didn't mean
to make her upset.
[ANYA]
What a weird, energetic lady.
Oh. I think she just feels
really passionate about tennis.
[TWILIGHT] I hope this doesn't
make Yor suspicious.
But we both know
it's a fake marriage,
so what's the worst
that can happen?
[YOR]
Loid.
You saw me win just now?
Uh, yeah, I did.
I'm happy for you.
I just beat her!
Oh, yeah, you really did!
[TWILIGHT sighs]
[TWILIGHT] Here comes
that exhaustion again.
[ANYA]
Papa, I'm really hungry.
[BOND barks]
[TWILIGHT]
Okay.
It's definitely a takeout
kind of night though.
You did quite an excellent job
with retrieving that
painting last week.
I have the results
of the analysis ready.
[TWILIGHT]
Hm? Where's Nightfall?
She's gone into the mountains
to train on her forehand
swing speed and power.
Is that so?
The code on the painting
was extremely simple to crack.
It lead us to a
top-secret depository,
so we sent agents there
to retrieve the goods.
[TWILIGHT] Do we have
the Zacharis Dossier?
A diary?
[ZACHARIS]
August 21.
Today, I've sealed
something very dangerous
within these walls.
My photographs
of young starlets.
[groans]
[ZACHARIS] I love theatre
in all its forms!
Though I much prefer comedic
musicals to tragic operas.
Even more so if they feature
beautiful young ladies!
I make it a point to
always support them.
[TWILIGHT]
Well, I see.
[ZACHARIS]
My obsession drove my wife
to the point of
violent outburst.
[ZACHARIS' WIFE] How much
money have you wasted
on these hussies?
[ZACHARIS] I'm just trying to be
a patron of the arts, dear!
[ZACHARIS] I convinced her to
attend a performance with me,
but she did not enjoy it.
[ZACHARIS' WIFE] Why do they
just burst into song?
Who does that?
[ZACHARIS] She ordered me to
throw out all my headshots,
but I simply couldn't bear
to part with the rare ones.
Since that day,
I've only made clandestine
trips to the theatre.
I'm sealing away this
ticking time bomb
in hopes that I can avoid
reigniting our conflict.
So then, "the flames
of war" thing
wasn't about East and West.
Domestic situation.
Then why was this regarded
as a top-secret file?
And why go through
all that trouble?
Before the war ended,
Zacharis hosted some
Western diplomats.
Took 'em to the theater.
But he was so
secretive about it.
Now we know it was
a personal thing--
he was just trying to hide
the excursion from his wife.
But that's probably
how this rumor started.
No, wait.
There has to be another code
hidden between this
journal and the photos!
Nope.
Our team did an extensive
analysis and found nothing.
[sighs]
No bombshell there that
could restart the war,
do we should consider
it a huge victory.
Guess you're right.
Hm?
A picture of the colonel?
"My beloved wife and daughter."
After all that mess,
he stayed true to his family.
He even took his
secret to the grave
out of respect
for their feelings.
Well, if he truly loved them,
he would've tossed the
creepy pictures, right?
Ugh! You still don't
get it, do ya?
It's not about that, you see?
It's because they're rare!
[TWILIGHT] Must be tough
to maintain a happy family
for so long.
Let's see, two of
these apple tarts
and two caramel
nut cakes as well.
[NIGHTFALL yelling]
[inaudible]